…deeply saddened
to report that our own Isabelle Carrick
was pronounced dead on the scene this
evening at the age of 28. A rising star--
Are you all right?
No.
What was that, Leanne?
I thought that you'd understand.
A colleague of mine was just killed,
and you…
seemed pleased.
Isabelle wanted to hurt you.
She was never going to stop
trying to hurt you.
I wanted to help.
"Help"?
Help how?
I'm sorry.
You guys are leaving already?
Kourtney's not feeling very well.
I'll wait in the car.
I'm so sorry about tonight.
There's nothing to apologize for,
sweetheart.
I'm just glad that you're safe.
I was hoping we could continue
the conversation we were having earlier.
Yes, we will talk about
your nanny situation this week.
Right now you should get some sleep.
Yeah. Give your back a rest.
Hey.
Where are your drugs?
I threw 'em away, you junkie.
Why?
As soon as I start, I'll never stop.
I wanted them.
Well, trust me,
they won't help you in the slightest.
What?
Take off your pants.
Now?
Everyone's asleep already.
Biltong and caviar?
I was just gonna have some coffee.
Please sit.
Let me hold him while you eat.
He's better with me.
-Can we talk?
-About what?
Last night.
What is there to say?
Dorothy, what is it going to take
for you to stop icing me out?
You know exactly what, and you've
made it very clear where you stand.
With you, Dorothy. Always.
Do you have work today?
Yeah, we're shooting the judgment panels
all night, so I'll be back late.
But I could have them reschedule.
No. God, don't do that.
Working in TV's no joke, Sean.
You gotta grab the bull by the horns
and not let go.
What are you doing?
I'm reading.
About what?
Let me hold him while you
take a shower and change.
I'm right here.
No. I can't eat this.
It took me hours.
Don't eat that crap.
Milk? No?
What's wrong?
What the hell?
Think it went down my throat.
You eat any of those?
I felt it move in my mouth.
Did you swallow?
Leanne?
Did you have a nice run?
Yes.
Would you mind coming with me
for a minute?
You look so cute in my dungarees,
I thought maybe we could find you
something else.
Leanne.
How did you get these?
I used to punish myself.
We were supposed to be perfect.
No wicked thoughts, no selfishness.
Only service to him.
Last night,
when you said you wanted to help…
do you somehow blame yourself
for what happened to Isabelle?
I don't wanna see you hurting yourself,
and I just want to understand
what you believe.
That's all.
You don't need to worry.
No?
I don't hurt myself anymore.
I don't follow their rules.
I get to decide now.
That must feel good.
Yeah.
Look how cute you look.
I wanna get a picture with my girl. Yep.
Here.
Let me see.
This is Frank Pearce. Leave me a message.
Hi, Dad.
Please call me as soon as you get this.
Thank you.
Fuck.
This is Frank Pearce.
Dorothy, it's 2:00 in the morning.
Dad, I'm so sorry.
I was trying to reach you all night.
Are you there?
I'm sorry, Dad. I have to call you back.
Are you still in touch
with Dale Mackenzie?
What?
Your doctor friend.
Sure. Dale and I play
pickleball together every Tuesday.
Great. I'd like you to send him
to the house for an appointment.
If you think it would be helpful,
I would be happy to make any arrangement--
He can interview Leanne, and then he can
sign the petition for her commitment.
You're serious about that?
Yes. I have done the research.
She presents a clear and present danger
to herself and to others.
She is clinically insane.
She cannot distinguish
fantasy from reality.
Highly manipulative. Self-mutilates.
Now, I don't know
if this is a chemical imbalance
or some cult brainwashing,
but whatever it is, she's gotta go.
And then everything will be okay.
I'm gonna send you the photos.
If you could make the appointment,
I can talk Leanne into doing it.
I will call Dale in the morning.
Great. Talk soon.
Okay. Here we go.
Yeah.
Does that feel good?
You know, Sean and I did
some couples therapy a few years back.
It honestly changed our lives.
How?
Well, there was a lot of friction
back then,
me being the breadwinner.
And, you know, back then I was always
trying so hard to please everyone,
get every little thing just right.
But that's the way you are now.
It's a lifelong process.
It takes a long time to recover
from the kind of childhood you've had.
Have you ever talked to anyone about it?
I don't know if I want to change.
Well, what if you and I did it together?
I've been thinking a lot about us,
you and me.
I really wanna understand you
so we can be close again.
We can do it together?
Sure.
Okay.
Hush, little baby
Don't say a word
Mama's gonna buy you a mockingbird
And if that mockingbird won't sing
Mama's gonna buy you a diamond ring
And if that diamond ring turns brass
Mama's gonna buy you a looking glass
And if that looking glass gets broke
Mama's gonna buy you a billy goat
Hello, Dorothy.
Dr. Mackenzie, thank you so much
for coming. Please come in.
Is this all right?
I was thinking it would be
the most private.
This will do just fine.
Here she is.
Leanne, meet Dr. Mackenzie.
Pleased to meet you, Leanne.
Hello.
Now, I believe Dr. Mackenzie wanted
to start by speaking with us individually.
Isn't that right?
I thought we were doing this together.
Well, this way you can speak freely,
Leanne.
About you, about me.
You don't have to worry about anything.
Right?
That's right, Dorothy.
Would you like to take a seat, Leanne?
What are you doing here?
Tidying up.
Is--
Is Sean around?
He's at work.
Maybe you're here to see Leanne?
I asked you for the most basic
kind of loyalty.
To stop fucking the woman
who's ruining my life.
In my own house, on my patio!
I don't know how to stop.
You don't understand who she is.
I understand that girl
better than any of you.
I think it would be best for everyone
if you could just find a way
to make peace with Leanne.
Why are you both so afraid of her?
What is wrong with you?
Just let me talk to her.
Well, you can't
because she's in the office
talking to Dale Mackenzie.
What? Dad's friend?
Yes, he's doing an assessment.
That guy's an asshole. What were you
thinking going to Dad for this?
Well, at least he's not fucking my nanny!
No, but give it a minute.
If you ever want me to trust you again,
you will leave this house
and let me do this my way!
Fine.
Do it your way, but this is a big mistake.
Hey, it's Sean. Leave a message.
Sean, you need to get here now.
It is raining shit. Call me.
I thought maybe you'd be finishing up.
How was it?
Good.
I think it's your turn.
I don't know how you managed
all that with her,
but she doesn't seem
defensive or threatened in any way.
So you're clearly very good at this.
Would you like to set him down?
No. He's fine.
So, did you get everything you need?
Almost. I have all of your notes
from your dad.
I just needed a bit more background,
if you don't mind.
Well,
I don't know if she's told you
some of the things she's told me.
And the delusions.
Believe me, I am frightened
about what she might do next.
And Sean and Julian, they don't get it.
They continue to enable her pathology.
And she has completely manipulated them.
She is like this little worm
that just gets under your skin
and eats its way
all the way to your heart!
Thank you.
It's so nice to have someone
who will finally listen to me.
I am so sorry. I don't know what the fuck
she was thinking calling him in.
Hey. It's okay.
Dorothy was just trying to help.
Yeah, well, Dorothy's version
of helping usually--
It's Milo's.
It was out front.
We can't find him anywhere.
Thank you.
Well, thank you so much for stopping by.
I hope we didn't take up
too much of your time.
Not at all.
Okay.
Dad?
I didn't know you were stopping by.
Well, shall we have a little chat?
Now? Yes.
Well, there's some coffee in the kitchen.
I'll go fetch Leanne.
Dorothy, your father has expressed
his concerns to me
about the volatile situation
in this house.
Okay.
His primary concern
is keeping his grandson safe.
Yes, of course.
This is all about what's best for Jericho.
-Leanne?
-Leanne is not the person
I was sent here to evaluate today.
Come again?
We're concerned about you.
About your well-being.
Dad?
Hey.
-What are you doing home?
-Julian called. He said some--
Does someone wanna tell me
what's going on?
Frank and I are having
a private discussion with Dorothy.
-Give us a minute.
-Dorothy, what's happening?
I have no idea.
Leanne?
Dottie, you're not sleeping.
You won't let anyone touch the baby.
The condition you're in right now
is simply not safe for you or Jericho.
-Hold on a minute.
-Let him finish, Sean.
Furthermore, you seem to have developed
a paranoid fixation
-on the young woman who lives with you.
-Paranoid fixation?
She mutilates herself.
She took my baby!
You tell him, tell him!
Tell him the truth. She is unwell.
Listen to yourself, sweetheart.
You're falling apart.
Julian was right.
Asshole.
And you, I trusted you
to do the right thing for once!
All we want is for you to go someplace
where you can rest.
-Dad! Jesus!
-What the hell does that mean?
Please let me explain.
I am legally required
to report any situation
where a child is in danger.
-You pickleballed fuck!
-Good to see you, Julian.
I asked Dale not to go through the court
on this.
But if you're not
going to accept treatment--
-Don't threaten her!
-If Dorothy refuses help,
-I have no choice but to go to Child--
-It's for her own good, Sean.
We all know what happened before.
You handled it your way,
now I'm handling it mine.
Now hold on. Shut up!
Dorothy's under a lot of strain.
This is wrong.
This is way the fuck wrong, Frank!
Sean's right.
We can all support Dorothy's recovery
from right here at home.
Separating her and Jericho now
would just be cruel for both of them.
Dorothy is an amazing mom.
She is what holds
this whole family together.
She's taught me so much.
And Jericho is not in any danger.
Dorothy has no problem
letting me hold him. Do you?
Remember when we were all playing
in the backyard yesterday?
Should we show them?
Here.
Thank you, Leanne.
Hi.
Ready?
See?
Dad, I can move in full time to help out.
We're not gonna let anything happen.
Yeah. We're all right here for her.
If you all understand the commitment
you'd be making,
to watch Dorothy closely,
to help her get some rest.
I'd be comfortable trying it out.
Thank you.
I don't know how the two of you
let things get so bad.
-Go fuck yourself, Dad.
-Perfect.
I'm writing her a prescription
for Trazodone.
I've got a sample pack to tide her over
until you get that filled.
Why don't you take these right now?
It'll help you get some sleep.
Good girl.
Come on. Let's go sit down.
Hush little baby
Don't say a word
Mama's gonna buy you a mockingbird
And if that mockingbird won't sing
Mama's gonna buy you a diamond ring
And if that diamond ring turns brass
Mama's gonna buy you a looking glass
And if that looking glass gets broke
Mama's gonna buy you a billy goat
And if that billy goat doesn't pull
Mama's gonna buy you a cart and bull